## Analyzing Load Order III

### Starter Code

```js
function theBridgeOfHoistingDoom() {
  function fellowship() {
    return "friends";
  }
  var sword = "sting";
  var dwarf = function() {
    return "axe";
  };
  var fall = "Fly you fools!";
  fellowship = function() {
    return "broken";
  };
  ring();
  return sword;
  fellowship = function() {
    return "mines"
  };
  sword = function() {
    return "glamdring";
  };
  var ring = function() {
    return "precious";
  };
}
```

### Step 1

> All declared variables are first manually initialized to an `undefined` value and come first in the load order.

The first step might actually be the hardest one, because there are quite a few var keywords that you can see.

We have to move all those variables to the top, and give them an initial value of `undefined`. But the other key is that we have to leave the variable assignment alone.

In other words, we start with `var sword = "sting";` and then move `var sword = undefined;` to the top, but then we remove the var keyword to leave `sword = "sting";` where the original statement was.

Then we do the same thing everywhere that you see the var keyword:

- sword
- dwarf
- fall
- ring

```js
function theBridgeOfHoistingDoom() {
  var sword = undefined;
  var dwarf = undefined;
  var fall = undefined;
  var ring = undefined;
  function fellowship() {
    return "friends";
  }
  sword = "sting";
  dwarf = function () {
    return "axe";
  };
  fall = "Fly you fools!";
  fellowship = function () {
    return "broken";
  };
  ring();
  return sword;
  fellowship = function () {
    return "mines"
  };
  sword = function () {
    return "glamdring";
  };
  ring = function () {
    return "precious";
  };
}
```

### Step 2

> All loaded functions that end up being overwritten by other functions with the same name will just disappear from their current place in the load order (and will not be seen in your answer).

This one is much easier because we only have one loaded function, and it's not getting overwritten by anything so we just leave it the same way:

```js
function fellowship() {
  return "friends";
}
```

### Step 3

> Loaded functions that end up replacing other functions, however, will NOT take the order place of the previous version, but instead will just fall into the load order behind existing loaded functions.

Same thing here. This applied in the last challenge because there were several function declarations. But here we only have the one loaded function so we keep our function the same:

```js
function theBridgeOfHoistingDoom() {
  var sword = undefined;
  var dwarf = undefined;
  var fall = undefined;
  var ring = undefined;
  function fellowship() {
    return "friends";
  }
  sword = "sting";
  dwarf = function () {
    return "axe";
  };
  fall = "Fly you fools!";
  fellowship = function () {
    return "broken";
  };
  ring();
  return sword;
  fellowship = function () {
    return "mines"
  };
  sword = function () {
    return "glamdring";
  };
  ring = function () {
    return "precious";
  };
}
```

### Step 4

> All declared variables receiving either new values or function expression assignments will lose the `var` keyword in the executable code portion of your answer (since they have already been declared).

And we even already took care of this in Step 1 too. We took care of the variable declarations at the top so we don't need any `var` keywords anywhere else.

### Step 5

> Any function expression assignment is treated here as executable code, and does not change the load order of declared functions in your answer, even if they later replace that function.

Once again there's nothing to do here. The function expressions are already setup in order and we can leave them as is.

### Step 6

All unreachable executable code that follows an unavoidable `return` statement will disappear from your answer.

And this is the last important part. I mentioned the same thing in the walkthrough, but basically the `return` statement will end the function. So anything after it is unnecessary.

It looks like `return sword;` will end the function (because it's not inside any other functions). So we'll remove everything after that statement.

```js
function theBridgeOfHoistingDoom() {
  var sword = undefined;
  var dwarf = undefined;
  var fall = undefined;
  var ring = undefined;
  function fellowship() {
    return "friends";
  }
  sword = "sting";
  dwarf = function () {
    return "axe";
  };
  fall = "Fly you fools!";
  fellowship = function () {
    return "broken";
  };
  ring();
  return sword;
}
```

### Solution

And that looks like it should work pretty well. Once again we moved all our variable declarations to the top, then we have our function declarations, and then all our function expressions and assignments stay in order, and lastly we end on the return statement.
